like I want to start wearing more
natural products I'll be trying out the
uncover cover-up in 44 the lip to cheek
in smile and living Luminizer and I'm
going to put some boots mascara on at
the end I might not even show that okay
so this is the 44 uncover cover-up I've
never used concealer ever
so I know that they say to tap under and
then put some here around the nose the
mouth and I do have this beauty spot or
mark or whatever it is and this one and
you know I don't like to cover cover
them I have freckles and moles and they
don't bother me at all so I'm gonna just
leave them alone and it's looking pretty
good
it's very moisturizing should I say the
only thing I had on my face before I
started putting on this uncover cover-up
is just moisturizer that's all I had I
don't like to wear a lot of makeup
usually just do the tinted moisturizer
eye I mentioned which was the body Brown
and a little bit of mascara and a little
bit of
[Music]
she got her nuts about oh but I like my
face
think about the Bobby Brown is that it
does have SPF so I do it I do did like
that about it but boy I'm really liking
this a lot
that's just like they've very
moisturizing totally natural
[Music]
all right
still I still have my you know he
remarked and can still see the freckles
[Music]
okay and now I will put a little bit of
this smile eat lipstick
[Music]
hope you guys gonna see this cuz this
mirror it's kind of like don't think I'm
gonna put any of this on my lips cuz it
looks if you can see it sick coral pink
looks super super I don't know I don't
think it'll look good but let's try it
[Music]
it's not vanilla it is hot today it is
80 degrees May 20th and it is really
really hot in LA festival crazy
and now I'm going to use the living
Luminizer which if I even need it today
because it is already very humanized
I'm gonna say that you should put it
[Music]
cheek
and here is what they say
[Music]
so put it
and look at some mascara on these
straight lashes my eyelashes are so
straight
a little bit
[Music]
this is the roots photonics
hmm
[Music]
I also do have powder on powder I
believe she calls it by our mess but I'm
not gonna put it on today I don't you
know I don't usually wear powder this is
what I wear and just how I like my
makeup just very dewy and natural and
simple